Add ossec.conf references (#6249)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/cloud-security/github/monitoring-github-activity.rst

Next, we will see the options we have to configure for the Wazuh integration.

> Proceed to configure the ``github`` module in the Wazuh manager or in the Wazuh agent. To configure manager and agent, check the :doc:`/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/index` documentation. We will use the data that we took previously as the **organization name** and the **PATs**. Through the following configuration, Wazuh is ready to search for logs created by GitHub audit-log. In this case, we will search only the type of ``git`` events within an interval of ``1m``. Those logs will be only those that were created after the module was started:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the ``github`` module either in the Wazuh manager or the Wazuh agent by modifying the :doc:`ossec.conf </user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/index>` configuration file.We will use the data that we took previously as the **organization name** and the **PATs**. Through the following configuration, Wazuh is ready to search for logs created by GitHub audit-log. In this case, we will search only the type of ``git`` events within an interval of ``1m``. Those logs will be only those that were created after the module was started:
```

        </api_parameters>
    </github>

> Check :ref:`github-module` reference documentation for the module references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For module references, check the :ref:`github-module` module documentation.
```
